Um...
Yeah, this is weird. Japanese.
Kind of.
Yeah.
Ooh...
Yeah, we're interviewing him about China or something.
Oh, yeah, the street food. I want it too.
Ha!
Yes.
Which city are you in?
Aaah. Okay.
I don't really know.
mmh
Oh. Wow.
Pork? What about like, Boba or something?
Yeah. I thought it is. Yeah. Because my friend is telling me all about how there are Boba's and Pearls
So good. Yeah.
They got famous really here. Boba.
really?
I know, right?
That's true. If it's too true, I don't get it. But also...
When I first saw it...
It's really real? Oh, I can't eat it. I can't.
When I first was introduced to the
Boba Pearls. My, my siblings told me that um...
Like frog eyes or something. Frog eggs. It was something disgusting.
I.
I know. I wasn't able to, but...
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like for real. I can't...
Yeah. I know. What happened to Nemo?
It looks like
Well, they can be bigger, like...  Like, equally...
The boba is so little.
Really good to eat? If it's really good, I would wait for...
Like one hour probably.
But if it's just like a little bit.
I would not wait longer than 20 minutes.
Yeah.
How long you would wait?
Yeah. It's like a Disneyland ride.
Oh. Wow.
Hah!
Oh...
Oh my gosh, and then hold.
What was that? I remember there was a...
I went to the, it was at the top floor of a mall and it was this
Special place for Udon. Which is like... tong tong something.
the udon.
mmh
No! Do you know?
But the line was way too long, so I just...
I give up and I live the place.
I didn't know how good it was. Like if, I would wait if it's something I knew was good already like
if I have. Yeah.
Oh. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
I love Kyushu but like it's too hot in like
Muggy, it's so muggy.
I never want to go there. It's so muggy.
Yeah.
Oh. I know all of Kyushu is famous for their ramen.
I've never, I've never been there. Wait, is it the south?
East?
Southwest. Southwest.
Yeah, Southwest side. On the... Okay.
I went to Nagasaki and Oita.
Me too.
Oh.
Yeah.